Oh no. I gotta get this crate over here.
Spy. What the heck are you No, it's the
office.
Dude, we haven't even made our first
payment on that. That's not a It's not
anchored down. What the heck? Well, I
mean, they I don't think they expect you
to run a freaking forklift into it. All
right, explain to me what we're doing
here today. What What's going on? What's
our new business here? So, Jenk has
opened a new rescue business. We will
rescue with zero effort. And I I I think
it could be worded a little better. Does
that mean that zero effort for the
person we're rescuing or is is that our
zero effort? Like which one is that?
It's like zero effort is needed to put
in the max effort.
Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Um so, uh
let's go over our equipment here. Well,
we got a big old Shnook helicopter. Are
you licensed to fly this? No, but you
are? Oh, I am? Yeah. What's that thing
over there by the billboard? This is the
teley handler. It can pick up stuff. So,
what do we do here? Do we just Do we
even have access to phones anymore now
that you crashed uh the uh the old
forklift in the office? Uh it'll be like
a dispatch. Okay. All right. Well, uh
I'm going to go Oh, wait. My pan's going
off. Wait, wait, wait. What's it say? Uh
we have an emergency.
Uh, did we leave something in the
microwave or? No, there's a semi-truck
hanging over a bridge. Oh, okay. Wait,
wait, wait. Okay, okay. Think, think,
think. What equipment are we bringing?
So, the teley handler could be really
useful, but we need to get there quick.
So, what if we teley handle with the big
old helicopter? What? Wait, we're going
to attach the teley handler to the Okay,
that sounds great. Um, okay. So, just
grab Okay, grab those here. Let me uh
let me get the helicopter uh started
here cuz I don't think this will fit in
the back. You don't think so? No. It
looks a little wide.
Um so, how do you want to attach this
thing? We just attach it uh out. Yep.
Okay. Hold on. You You put it on that
side. I'll put this one on this side.
And boom. That That honestly might be
enough. Okay. And then you just get in
the helicopter and I'm going to sit in
the teley handler. I'm going to warn
you, I'm not the best at flying, but
this will work. I got this. Just go up
slowly. Just go up slowly. We got to
rescue a semitr. Okay, here we go. We're
doing that slow. Oh, wait. Hold on. Oh,
let me back up a little bit. That way I
can get over it. Oh. Oh, this is
working.
Okay, that worked way better than I
expected. Okay, let's just go up. This
is great. Okay, so you said it's over by
the bridge, right? Yeah, the bridge way
over there. You can actually kind of see
the semitr from here. Okay. Wait, who's
stupid enough to drive their semi off
the side of a bridge? I don't know. But
Komodo, this is disastrous. Is it
disastrous as in we're going to do a
good job or disastrous as we're going to
do a very bad job? Maybe both. How do we
get this on the ground level? Also, how
do we break it to the person that we're
uh rescuing how much we're going to
charge them in the end?
Um, I don't know what's worse, falling
off a bridge or being rescued and having
to pay for it. Yeah, I was thinking
minimum of probably about half a million
dollars for the rescue, maybe a little
bit more depending on what fuel costs
are like right now. Yeah, this actually
looks pretty cool. Okay, so I got to
find a way to like drop you not upside
down. I got an idea actually. Okay, I'm
going to get you close to the I'm not
going to swing you onto the bridge.
We're going to swing you at right where
the the bridge meets the road. I can
disconnect them from here. Uh maybe
disconnect one of them. That way it
swings you back. Okay.
Um disconnect. Hold on. I'm going to
swing you. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. I
got this. I got I hopped out. How do I
disconnect it? That is not not what
you're supposed to do. Okay, let me just
get close to the ground. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Let me just lower it here. Look at
that. Okay. Yeah. Uh, it might it might
fly off the cliff here. Hold on. Okay.
Uh, to your left a little bit. Left.
Okay.
Boom. How do I detach? Boom. Did you get
it? I got it. Okay. Let me uh I'm going
to land the helicopter on the bridge.
Are we going to try to use the teley
handler just to drag it back up or do I
need to hook the chopper to it? Uh,
we'll use the chopper as the last ditch
effort. Okay, 104. By the way, it
appears that there is a Bob uh on top of
the uh I can almost hear him screaming
up on top of the the semi. There he is.
Okay, here. Let me I'm going to land
right beside it here. Hopefully I don't
knock it over. I got this. Look at this.
Watch this landing spy. Watch this.
Watch this. Watch this. Oh,
that looked so professional. That was
freaking professional. All right,
powering down. I'm coming out now. We
could definitely charge anything because
they saw that landing. They're like,
"Oh, those guys are professionals.
They're professionals. Just don't don't
pay attention to our slogan." Yep. Or
this slow telly handler. It's fine.
You'll be there in like a couple years.
Yeah. A few moments later. Okay. What
should I say to the person? You're going
to be fine. This Bob looks really big
compared to the cab of that truck, by
the way. That guy is a really He's a
trucker. He He does that for a living. I
swear I swear it's moving a little bit.
It is. Oh, no. We got to rescue him
first. It's bouncing. Wait, how do we
rescue him?
Uh, don't worry about Are you going to
punt him off it? Trying to figure out
the controls of this thing. Kimo, I
mean, if you punt him off, we could put
a big old air cushion at the bottom of
the canyon and hope that he hits it.
Okay, this won't go up. Did you break
it? I think I broke it. Okay, well, we
already have faulty equipment. Don't
Don't let the uh Oh, hold on. Can I get
on the end of that? Can you here? Let me
walk up it and then I could probably
grab the hook and we could hook the
person. Okay. Uh, can you lower it down
just a little bit?
Lower it down. There we go. Okay. Uh,
all right. I'm going to walk to the end.
Okay. Can you get me a little bit closer
to where I can jump on top of the truck?
Okay. Here we go. Uh, there. Okay. Here
we go. Jump. All right. Now connect it
to him. Okay. It's on top of his head.
Drag him off. All right. Here we go.
Yeah. Oh, no. He's very He's very heavy.
Kimoto, he's very
heavy. Um, spy and pull p you want to
push him here. Hold on. Oh, yeah. Give
him a little push. Come on. Is this
working? Why is he so heavy? What the
heck? I got an idea. He might not like
this idea, but it Oh, wait. I heard
something.
Oh,
hi. Um,
look at this. Oh no. Oh no. Why don't
you just back up really fast? I could
shoot him. Oh, there he goes. Oh.
Um.
So, do we uh Yeah. Well, do we charge as
next and kin or how does that work? Um,
I mean, the survival efforts are still
ongoing. Uh, we now we now have to save
the truck. So, yeah. Um, how do we save
the truck, by the way? Should we connect
the Should we connect the helicopter to
it, or does it stay up there? You stay
up there. Oh, you're going to fly. I
thought you said you didn't have a
pilot's license. I don't, but I'm going
to figure this out. Komodo.
Okay. You hold the X button. X. Oh,
there we go. I don't like that you asked
me how to start up the helicopter that
you're about to pilot off the side of
the bridge. Oh, okay. Don't worry. Look
at this. Look at this. Oh, there we go.
Oh, going pretty good. Now just got to
get into position. This is looking
great. This is looking great. Uhoh.
Okay. All right. Lower it. Okay.
Yeah. Okay. He said he's F10, right?
Okay. F10. Uh okay. Oh. Oh. Moto. Just
grab the hook. I got one. There's one.
Okay. Hold on. Where's the other one at?
If it squeaks this way. Hold. But I can
get it when he comes back by. Oh no. Oh
jeez. Oh no. Oh wait. Oh my god. My
Wi-Fi.
It's fine. I could I could save this. I
could save this. What? What was that?
What was I could save this. What was
that? I could I'm going to hop
out. Well, we did one thing here now
that you think about it. We did We could
still send a video uh some sort of like
build to the state because Oh, yeah. We
We didn't clear the bridge. We have
video proof that we did that. Um, yeah,
it looks nice and clear.
Yeah, totally. Yeah, totally. Komodo.
Um, I need to I need to get up real
quick. Um, I'm going back to HQ. Yeah,
let's go back to HQ. We We need to maybe
maybe we'll take another call. This went
well. I I say what what eight out of 10.
We need another shnook, by the way.
We're going to have to put that on the
credit card. Okay, we're back at the HQ.
We got an easier job. Uh, wait, what's
what's the easier job? What? Why do you
Why do you have a gun? Oh, you didn't
see me pull out the gun during the last
rescue? No. What the he off the top of
the the the diesel? Yeah. Sometimes you
got to scare people just to get in the
It's like shoving somebody. You know,
you ever take the swimming lessons where
they push you in?
Yeah. Exactly. You're like this. By the
way, that is a very very How did you
die? I was showing this. I was showing
this swimming lesson that you do this.
Ah, I got pushed.
I didn't know that was a Wait, what?
Yeah, you you jump and you press you
hold end button. Oh, to end your Okay.
Uh, you know what? How about we go with
the uh our new Shinook here? So, what's
the job? Let me know. So, they downed
us. They said we can no longer rescue
living things. We have to deliver cars.
Wait, we're delivering Why Why can't
they just take it on a truck and a
trailer? Komodo, they're muscle cars.
Ooh, okay. Yeah, that's all you had to
say was muscle cars. The cars have been
dropped off at the train yard down the
road. We have to pick them up in this
helicopter and deliver them. Can we not
use the winch this time and maybe drive
them into it? Yeah. If you see the back
here, we got this ram. Oh, cool. So, you
think we can fit both in there? Wait,
what kind of muscle cars are we talking
about? Talking about Mustangs.
Oh. Um, and Challengers. Oh, so we got a
boat and a a crowd killer. Gotcha. Oh,
no. Uh, so you got to figure out how to
land this thing over here properly.
Yeah, he's kind of bumpy over here. They
don't have a landing pad, do they?
Maybe on the road. Yeah. About to say,
why don't we just load up on the road?
We could drive the the muscle cars down.
Oh, yeah. If they're a little beat up,
that's fine. It's fine. It's They're
both Well, actually, never mind. The
Mustang's still going. Hey, the
Challenger is like a collector's item
now. Yeah, they no longer make them.
Well, with the gas engine. I'm sure
they'll make them again after, you know,
they stop making their EVs. Uh, okay.
Here we go. And this bad boy. Here we
go. Boom. That was nice. That was Oh,
okay. That's not nice. What was that? I
took that. We're going have to get a
repair kit out and repair the front of
it. It's fine. Oh, honestly, it's still
Oh, jeez. The brakes. Oh, no. Brakes. I
got to cut it off. Okay, cut it off.
There we go. Sorry about that. I forgot
what the It's still going. Let me just
push it with my head. How about parking
brake? Parking brake. Parking brake is
enabled. All right, we're good. We're
good. We're good. We're good. All right.
Go to the ramp. Uh, we got to put these
uh these seats up. There we go. And
there we go. All right. So, let's go
grab them. Watch your head on the Are we
supposed to anchor those down somehow in
the helicopter? Well, unfortunately, I
couldn't afford that upgrade. So, we're
just going to have to just wing it.
They'll be fine in there. It's fine. You
know what? I'll save you the hassle.
I'll take the Mustang. Yeah, you take
the Mustang. I don't feel like driving.
There's not a crowd of bobs around for
me to hit. Oh, this is the five five L.
Um, okay. I'm I'm going to load the boat
up first and Okay. Probably should have
angled this differently, but it's fine.
I can make the turn. Well, oh, I might
need a running start here. Oh, no. Oh,
no. Oh, no. There we go. Oh, there we
go. I need another push. Push. Nice.
Perfect. All right. Remember to set your
parking brake. Okay, here we go. Can you
Oh jeez, I just got flick out the back.
Did it work? Here we go. Yeah. Wait,
look at uh What are all these pieces on
the ground? Uh just throw those in
there. That's fine. We don't have to
worry about it. Just just just put the
ramp up. Uh is that the ramp? Oh, that's
the bench. Uh might not want to have
that up. Uh it is Do you know how many
cars probably got destroyed in
transportation? Probably a lot.
All right, load it back up. Let's go. Uh
you think we're okay not having the
front to the helicopter on? Oh, yeah.
That looks fine. That's just the door.
She still cranks. The bottom window is
missing, but I'm not too worried about
it. Okay, here we go. All right, let's
head to the dealership. Oh, you know
what would be cool? What? Uh-oh. Uh, the
cars are moving in behind us. Yeah, I
could see the icons for him bouncing.
Uh, I think we're okay, though. Go up.
Okay, so what would be cool is if we do
an aerial drop. Maybe one of the cars.
Wait, we got parachutes on the cars or
how does that work? Yep. Mhm. Wait, you
sure about that? Oh my goodness. They're
like right behind us. Okay. Where's this
deal, by the way? Have no aerodynamic,
so they should fall slowly. Uh, it's to
the right. Well, we got to open up that
ramp when we get over there. Um,
you know, stuff is breaking. I feel like
the the cars are definitely making the
helicopter fly a little bit on the funny
side, and I'm watching pieces fly out
the bottom. Uh, no. Uhoh. Okay. No,
we're good. We're good. No. Level out. I
Okay, it works better up. Oh my
goodness. The propellers.
Um, hey, look on the bright side. We
might land in the river. We did. Yay.
Perfect.
Um,
you know, I didn't really want to do
vehicle rescues anyways. You know that I
don't think we have to do that. I think
vehicles are more dangerous than people.
It was close enough. Yeah. All right,
Spy. And now we got to explain to the
people at the dealership what happened.
Uh, bad news. The dealership is locked
and I see this giant bulldozer here. I
think they're out of business. What?
You're telling me we were going to drop?
Wait, what do you mean out of business?
They have a bunch of mini cars out here.
Why would a bulldozer be here? But to
demolish, we could save them the effort.
Wait, that's actually not a bad idea.
Well, it so happens that I took a little
side gig. I've got a bunch of fuel in
the back of that truck over there. Um I
mean, hold on. I'm looking around.
Looking around for people in there. This
giant dozer here. Is there any people in
there? You know, just just jump in the
dozer. Okay, you jump in the truck.
Yeah, I'll jump in the truck. We We'll
let you get the first swipe in. That is
a giant dozer, by the way. Yeah. How do
I operate this thing? That's a good
question. I just click some buttons and
hope for the
best. Wait, I think it's got some
working tracks on it.
Um, here we go. Okay. It looks great.
Uh-oh. It blew up. It looks like it's
working as intended. Um, uh, the tracks
blew up. You want to see my magical
power? Yeah. Go for it. All right. Get
ready. And
Oh, wait. What's this? The price tag on
the bulldozer Komodo.
Wait, wait, what? I didn't do that. Um,
oh jeez, there's another explosion. Wow,
this is cool. You know, why don't they
just hire us for this? This always works
out way better. Yeah. Just let us blow
this stuff up. Okay, we should probably
get back to HQ before somebody notices
what we did. Yeah. Hopefully we got one
more job for the day. I think we will.
I'm taking this with me. Wait, what's
that? Just flaming glass. Yep. Okay.
Okay. Back at the Jank Rescue uh HQ.
Hey, look. Third times a charm with the
Chinook, right? Yeah. Yeah. Totally. How
much these things actually cost? Do you
know? Uh a few hundred thousand at
least. Uh no, that's just fine. All
right. So, what's the next call, Spy?
Anything coming? The next call is we
have to rescue a stranded boat. I mean,
that kind of sounds like a personal
problem. Like, how did they get
themselves out there? But you know what?
Let me fire it up. Let's do this.
Uh, if we can't make this one a success,
we should probably shut down the the
company. I'm just saying. Yeah. Well, I
mean, boats are light. They're on water.
All we have to do is pull it back into
the water. You didn't want to maybe take
it out to sea where it belongs. It's
like releasing a, you know, like a wild
animal. Like, you just you got to you
got to release it. It's like free willy.
Free willy. There you go. Yeah. The
whale.
Wait, was free willy a whale or a
dolphin?
I don't know. I don't remember. Maybe
I'm thinking of Echo the Dolphin. I
don't know. Oh, I think it's Echo. But
Echo is a game, isn't it? It's a video
game. Okay. I don't even know why we're
talking about this. Let's get out there.
Okay. I got eyeballs on the uh Is it
Wait, which boat is it? Is the one on
the island or the one that's out there
floating? I think it's the one on the
island. Other one's a fishing boat. Oh,
wait. You didn't tell me there's a
person on this. Yeah, it's uh it's
stranded. Should we land on the island
and hook up or how do you want to do
this? So, I I think I could just Yeah,
I'm in the back right now. I could lower
the ramp and I could try to hook on
while you're in midair. Okay. I to warn
you, I'm not very good at like low
altitude flying with this thing. Okay,
it's fine. I can open this. This is
cool. Hook is ready. Trying to stabilize
it. I'm coming to the back. Okay, turn
it. I don't know why I'm the one flying
this. You you don't think you do any
better? I don't know. Do you have like
an auto hover? I don't know. The
controls may or may not be in Russian or
something along the lines of that.
That's unfortunate. Yeah. So, I don't I
don't understand what it's what I'm
supposed to do. You know what? This is
shallow. I'm going to land spy. Okay. I
feel like we can hook up better if we're
landing. You know, like we're sitting
still. We're not on This is pretty
shallow, right? Yeah, that looks pretty
shallow. Let me back it up a little bit.
Okay, here we go. Back it up. Coming
down. Coming down. Hey, good. Hey, let's
see if this hook will reach. Uhoh. Hold
on. I got to back it up a little bit.
It's I'm sinking. Oh no. Oh no. I got
this. Oh, sorry. Spy. Oh no. There we
go. It landed. It's not bad. Yeah. I'm
just going to set under water for a
second. Can it reach? Let's see. Boom.
No. Okay. Okay. Hold on. Let me back it
up now. Here we
go. It's fine. I know what I'm doing.
I'm totally not going to
just Oh, hi. Whoa. Did you see that?
Nice parking. Yeah, that's great. This
is great parking. I don't know how to
open this map. There we go. All right.
So, look at this. Probably put my gun
away. It's a little intimidating. Yep.
Shall we tell the uh the Bob just to
stay on?
Yeah. We don't have a whole lot of
options for, you know, we don't have
room for the Bob inside is what it is,
you know. Well, we we I think I got a
hook for Bob. You going to hook hook him
on separately? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Here we
go. Okay. Boom. He's connected. Perfect.
Now, this boat is actually quite
big. Not going to lie. Like, I I'm not
sure we're going to actually be able to
do this. So, here. Let me uh Oh, let me
crank her
up. Okay. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Oh, there
we go. Oh, just go up. Just don't don't
hit the blades. Oh, wait. I lost one
blade. I hit We can do this. This How is
this? Oh my goodness. Okay, Spy. This is
He's too It's too heavy. It's too heavy.
Too heavy. What do you mean it's not too
heavy? Rotate. Auto rotate. What is auto
rotating? Okay, hold on. I got this. I
got
this. Oh my to pull up. Pull up. You
just got to You just got to land it. You
just got, you know, I think that's
considered a success. Technically, we
did get it. Hold on. Let me get out.
Technically. Wait, why does it sound
like it's cranking
up? He made it. He's fine. He's fine.
Uh-oh. Where'd he go? Wait, he went back
home.
Um, I don't know where.
So, what did we uh what did we learn
here today? We learned definitely get
your certifications for piloting and
forklift operating. Yes. And definitely
don't start a random rescue organization
when you don't have any training in or
skills.
Yeah.